the futures odds to win the 2014 Stanley
Cup have already been released by some
sports books and have already taken some
early action as of July 25th so let's
take a look right now at some notable
team's current odds to win the 2014 Cup
the two favorites at the moment are the
always hyped and often overhyped
Pittsburgh Penguins and the 2013 champs
Chicago Blackhawks Pitt is currently the
favorite at bet365 at five to one with
Chicago at five and a half to one but at
bow dogs Chicago is the favorite at six
to one with Pitt at six and a half to
one Pittsburgh of course plays a flashy
and exciting style predicated on speed
and world-class skill on offense with
much less attention devoted to defense
and that style does lead to dominance in
the regular season with a lot of winning
stretches and a lot of wins by big
margins and especially at home they can
look absolutely unstoppable at many
times during the regular season but in
the playoffs where defense and grit tend
to matter a lot more the Pens seem to
run into trouble every year against top
teams that do play that style and
additionally the Pens have a major hole
in gold that they might not have to fill
to make the playoffs but will for sure
have to fill if they want to win the Cup
so once again Pitts Futures odds to win
the Cup at the outset may be
significantly overvalued with Chicago
it's always tough to repeat as a
champion any pro sport but Chicago
should return the same deep and balanced
team that got them the title in 2013 and
goaltender Corey Crawford really came
into his own last year and especially in
the playoffs so for them the toughest
thing to overcome might be the
psychological effects of having one at
all the previous season and we did see
the Blackhawks have some mental
breakdowns and issues with team focus
already in last year's playoffs then the
third and fourth choices are Boston and
st. Louis not a huge surprise there
Boston's 10 to 1 they were of course the
runner-up for the 2013 Stanley Cup and
they'll be again anchored by elite
goalie Tuukka Rask but they may have
some personnel issues with their top
players dealing with age injuries and/or
contract matters and st. Louis is 13 to
1 at bet365 and they should return with
their patented brand of hockey based on
brutal tough defense which is again not
suited to flashy regular-season wins but
is very well suited to gutting out
playoff games and winning series they'll
probably need to find significantly more
scoring though to be able to actually
win the Stanley Cup Finals where they
will no doubt be facing an opponent with
overall team balance and then Detroit
will be
the most interesting teams to watch this
upcoming season there's six need to one
to win the cup at the moment and they
dropped from about ten to one a few
weeks ago Detroit of course took a lot
of people by surprised and played way
better than expected in last year's
playoffs due in large part to big
contributions from an assortment of
youngsters they'll enter 2013-14 with
confidence and experience from last
year's playoff run and that should only
serve to help them then the LA Kings are
at 13 to 1 at bet365 down a bit from a
few weeks ago and they were 16 to 1 the
Kings will once again feature proven
elite playoff goaltender Jonathan Quick
so it's no surprise that their odds took
some action at that relatively high line
of 16 to 1
we'll see where those odds finally
settle by the time the regular season
starts and that's a look at some of the
notable futures odds to win the 2014
Stanley Cup as of late July for SBR
forum videos on Peter Lowe Shaq